If you're an overachiever, this is going
to be a great video for you to watch.
Oftent times when we're an overachiever,
what we feel is that we're alone and
isolated and we can never really get the
thing that we want. In this video, I
work with a woman during one of our
public Q&As's and we find out the thing
that's really underneath all that
overachieving. What's the problem that
you're looking what's your question?
When people say like, "Oh, you're such
an overachiever or you're creative." I
feel like in their low-key like it's
like, "Thanks for that. That was
awesome. Bye." And it was
like you it just feels like very unseen
all that took to to like deliver. Yeah.
But my my thing is that I am a
perfection and I don't you you are
unseen.
Yeah. God. But then like the creative
person
what's the problem with that?
How how can somebody who's not an
overachieving perfectionist understand
an overachieving
perfectionist? How can they get that?
How can they see you?
It's hard because I don't necessarily
want to show like the steps because the
overachie perfectionist doesn't want to
show the process, you know? So, it's
like
I'm not showing myself so [__] you for
not seeing me.
Like when people use words like
overachiever or warrior, I like I'm like
yes I am but but like once in a while
I'd like someone to be like that must
have been really [__] hard to to come
up with all that. Sorry for cursing. You
know what I mean? To make that happen
with me definitely never curse. That'd
be that'd be [__] awful.
Um, you know, it's like a feeling of
being a little like misvalued like oh
well for me she's just she just like can
So which came first the misv valueue or
the
perfectionism or the overachievement
as from which came in your life?
I definitely am a high producer. I
definitely always, you know, before that
which came first
not being seen for the the work you put
in or the overachievement.
People often become overachievers
because they're trying to show that
they're valuable because they're not
seen as valuable in their nature.
So which came first?
I don't know. I I I don't know which
came first. I think it's some very If
you had to guess.
Um Um Did you feel deeply valued for who
you were as a child
or did you like, you know, three years
old, you're like building the best
[__] fairy houses in the goddamn
planet? You're like, "No, it's got to be
10 stories, not nine stories. Let's go."
Yeah. I I always wanted to make things
better. Like always. Yeah. Great. Great.
And and your parents saw that and felt
you were just like, "No, no." They were
like struggling immigrants and they were
like, "Is that useful?" You know? So,
yeah. Right. Okay. Great. I mean,
they're loving, but So, they did come
pretty
similarly. Same time. Oh, I don't see
you not being seen and and producing a
lot.
Yeah. Like always in survival mode
sometimes. I think the overachieving is
survival mode though. Yeah. Yeah. So,
what makes you want that? Like, wow, I
really see that you put a lot of effort
into being in survival mode. Yeah.
Let that hit. Let that hit. You You
started to let that hit and then you
went to a thought. I really
see that you are in survival mode.
[Music]
Yeah.
Yeah. I see you're in survival mode. One
by achieving a lot and one by trying to
be seen. Both of them are ways of being
in survival mode.
I don't know how to um focus on myself
and not want to help others. Yeah.
That's a different that's a different
thing that you're distracting from the
fact that you're listening right now.
I see that you've been in survival mode
and it's hard
and you put a lot of effort into it
and you're deflecting me.
Yeah, I get good at that. Yeah. So, this
is what happens when you're actually
seen. Yeah. Why the [__] do I want to
see you if you're just blowing me off
like this?
Right. So now here's the moment where
you're seeing where that ghost is
actually fed and you're not swallowing.
I'm not. I'm literally like holding you
up. Yeah.
[Music]
So you get to be mad at people not
seeing you, but when people see you,
they feel like you're calling them a
liar or dismissing them. They feel that
way. What? Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. You're not letting it in. Mhm.
Like if I was to show up and I'm like,
"Here's this beautiful cake I baked
you." And you went, "Mhm." Would I bring
you Would I bring you another [__]
cake?
Is that what I'm doing? Mhm. Oh, I don't
mean to do that. I'm saying I'm doing
the Mhm. Not because I'm agreeing with
you, because I'm showing you how you do
it. Mhm. Right. Like you're sitting here
talking to me and then I give you a
compliment, your lips tighten and you
go, "Mhm." It's like you're they're
physically constricting to not let in my
compliment or being seen. Yeah. Yes.
Yeah. My my friend was like, "Just say
thank you." Right. You'll say thank you.
And I have such I feel so complex saying
thank you, which is weird, right? Yeah.
So, just just to see the the the thing
is you want to be seen, but when
somebody sees you, you want to be
appreciated, but when somebody
appreciates you, you're blowing them
off, you're you're tossing their cake on
the ground, and then you're like, why
aren't people bringing me cake?
It's true.
Yeah.
Yeah. So, why don't you practice letting
it in? Step the cake.
Stop. Stop. Stop. Yeah. Stop flipping
the cake over. Okay. Eat cake. Tell me.
Yes. Eat cake. I'll tell my doctor you
said that.
Thank you. This is Wait, wait, not done.
So, your your your your uh your your
your friend who told you, "Why don't you
just say thank you?" What was the
compliment or the way that they were
seeing you?
Uh, we talked about just how hard it was
to accept words that What were the
words?
Um, like um, what you made was great.
This was great. I love this. This is
beautiful. This is what I needed. And
cool. I'm going to I'm going to say that
to you in another
way. Wow. You are such an overachiever.
Thank you.
I'm learning
because that means you put a lot of time
into this. Sure. You cared about this. I
see how much effort you put into it.
That's what you're an overachiever
means.
Okay. Yeah. I don't know why I was
getting offended by these types of words
like because you didn't want to feel
this thing that I'm asking you to feel.
I'm going to ask you to feel it again.
Hey, I see how much care that you put
into things. Mhm. How much care you put
in.
I tried so hard. Good catch. I learned.
Wow. For a perfectionist, you're really
not being perfect at receiving
compliments.
100%. That is I should I when they say
like, "What is your one not good thing
in interviews?" I should say that from
now on. I really suck at receiving
compliments. I'm really bad at it. Yeah.
And I don't know why, but Yeah. This is
helping. Yeah. Here. Uh uh Lull's I
can't. Um there's somebody on the call.
I want to get like another compliment
for you. I want to see you let it in.
Ooh. Yeah. So, anybody who has a
genuine compliment or scene of May, can
you put it in the chat? Do them a little
slowly if you can. And your job is to
actually just let them
in. Let it tickle
you. Let's see.
Breathe. Breathe. Let it tickle you.
It's hard.
Yeah. Yeah. You're trying to stop
yourself from crying. I don't shaking
right now. Yeah. Yeah.
Let yourself feel it. This is what you
want. This is what you wanted as a kid.
Yeah. Shake your body a little bit. Let
it in a little
bit.
Yeah. Okay. Thank you all. Really
appreciate that.